Feature Selection 
=================

The features selected for this data set are average mean and average standard deviation 
of 3-axial signals from an accelerometer and gyroscope, measuring defferent activiteis for the subjects.

'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions



subject (num): a number 1-30 indicating which subject was measured
activity (chr): describes the activity measured
bodyAccMeanX (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccMeanY (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccMeanZ (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccStdX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccStdY  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccStdZ  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccMeanX (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccMeanY (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccMeanZ (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccStdX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccStdY  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
gravityAccStdZ   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkMeanX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkMeanY  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkMeanZ  (num):calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkStdX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkStdY  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyAccJerkStdZ  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroMeanX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroMeanY   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroMeanZ  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroStdX   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroStdY   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroStdZ   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroJerkMeanX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroJerkMeanY (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroJerkMeanZ (num): calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroJerkStdX  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyGyroJerkStdY  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyGyroJerkStdZ (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccMagMean   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccMagStd   (num): calculated value for suvject and activity          
gravityAccMagMean (num): calculated value for suvject and activity         
gravityAccMagStd  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccJerkMagMean (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccJerkMagStd  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyGyroMagMean    (num): calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyGyroMagStd    (num): calculated value for suvject and activity         
bodyGyroJerkMagMean  (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity    
bodyGyroJerkMagStd  (num): calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyAccMeanX     (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccMeanY   (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity           
bodyAccMeanZ   (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyAccStdX   (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity           
bodyAccStdY    (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity           
bodyAccStdZ    (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity           
bodyAccJerkMeanX   (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyAccJerkMeanY  (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyAccJerkMeanZ  (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyAccJerkStdX  (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyAccJerkStdY   (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyAccJerkStdZ   (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyGyroMeanX    (num):    calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyGyroMeanY     (num):    calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyGyroMeanZ   (num):      calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyGyroStdX    (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity        
bodyGyroStdY    (num):    calculated value for suvject and activity       
bodyGyroStdZ     (num):    calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyAccMagMean   (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyAccMagStd    (num):     calculated value for suvject and activity      
bodyBodyAccJerkMagMean (num): calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyBodyAccJerkMagStd (num): calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyBodyGyroMagMean  (num):  calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyBodyGyroMagStd  (num):   calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyBodyGyroJerkMagMean (num): calculated value for suvject and activity     
bodyBodyGyroJerkMagStd (num): calculated value for suvject and activity     

